[Lens] Reframe Lens tutorials for our target users (#97339)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard/tutorial-create-a-dashboard-of-lens-panels.asciidoc

[[create-a-dashboard-of-panels-with-web-server-data]]

> == Tutorial: Build your first dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Build your first dashboard
```

Learn the most common ways to build a dashboard from your own data.

> The tutorial will use sample data from the perspective of an analyst looking
> at website logs, but this type of dashboard works on any type of data.

Reviewer 2: Is there any reason for breaking the line here? 🤔 

```suggestion
The tutorial will use sample data from the perspective of an analyst looking at website logs, but this type of dashboard works on any type of data.
```

Reviewer 2: huh, I guess asciidocs ignores it anyway and treats it as a single space.

[[add-the-data-and-create-the-dashboard]]
=== Add the data and create the dashboard

> If you are working with your own data, you should already have an <<index-patterns, index pattern>>.

Reviewer: You covered this idea in the intro, so I redact my comment.

To install the sample logs that contain fake website traffic:

. From the {kib} *Home* page, click *Try our sample data*.

. From *Sample web logs*, click *Add data*.

Then create a new dashboard:

. Open the main menu, click *Dashboard*.

. Click *Create dashboard*.

. Set the <<set-time-filter,time filter>> to *Last 90 days*.

> You don't need to save the dashboard while it's in draft mode.

Reviewer: How about: 

{kib} automatically saves your changes, so if you navigate away from the dashboard, you can continue making your changes later.

[float]
[[open-and-set-up-lens]]
=== Open and set up Lens

*Lens* is the visualization builder recommended for most users.
With *Lens*, you identify the data fields you want to visualize, drag and drop the fields, then watch as
*Lens* uses heuristics to apply the fields and create a visualization for you.

. From the dashboard, click *Create visualization*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_1_1.png[Dashboard create visualization button]

. Make sure the *kibana_sample_data_logs* index appears. You may need to select
a different index pattern from the menu:
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_1_2.png[Lens index pattern selector]

[discrete]
[[view-the-number-of-website-visitors]]

> === Build your first visualization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Create your first visualization
```

Every time you build a visualization in *Lens*, you will follow these steps:

> . Do you know which chart type you'd like to use? If you do, select the type before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Choose your visualization.* Do you know the type of visualization you'd like to use? If you do, select the type before
```

Author: Why use visualization instead of chart?

Reviewer: Charts include area, line, and bar, but metric and table aren't considered charts, so the umbrella terms for all of the things you can visualize in Lens is visualizations.

> dragging any fields. If you don't, you can change the chart types after configuring your functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dragging any fields. If you don't, you can change the visualization type after configuring the functions.
```

> . Do you know exactly which functions you want? If so, click the dimension and

Reviewer 2: I think that the user is not necessarily familiar with what dimension is. What we used before was `click on the 'Drop a field or click to add' in the config panel`. Just a thing to consider.

Author: Commented on this earlier, but I'd like to start using the word dimension to refer to this whole part of the UI because it would simplify the instructions. Maybe we need a sentence explaining this earlier in the tutorial?

> . Do you know exactly which functions you want? If so, click the dimension and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Choose your functions.* Do you know the functions you want to use? If so, click the fields in the editor and
```

> configure it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure the settings. If you are unsure, drag and drop the field onto the visualization builder, or drag and drop to the editor, then let *Lens* pick the function for you.
```

> . Do you want to use a specific field in a chart, but aren't sure which function? Drag the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> to a specific dimension and Lens will pick a function for you.

Reviewer 2: How about something like 'Drag the field to one of the groups in the config panel'?

> to a specific dimension and Lens will pick a function for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> . Do you want to use a specific field, but want Lens to assign it automatically? Drag the field

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> onto the main Lens workspace and it will get added to your chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> . Don't like your chart? Delete a specific dimension or reset the entire chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Edit and delete.* Don't like your chart? Delete a specific dimension or reset the entire chart.
```

Reviewer: We should be careful about the vocabulary we use. We don't use `Dimension` in the docs.

> . Don't like your chart? Delete a specific dimension or reset the entire chart.

Reviewer 2: Maybe another suggestion would be the possibility of editing the dimension by clicking on it if the user is not happy with the results.

> To put this into practice, pick a field like `clientip` which you want to analyze. If you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put this into practice, pick a field you want to analyze, such as `clientip`. If you want
```

> To put this into practice, pick a field like `clientip` which you want to analyze. If you want

Reviewer: In the steps above, we say to start with choosing a visualization type, but here, we say to pick the field first. 

These two sections should align.

> to analyze only this field, you can use the *metric* chart type to show a big number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to analyze only this field, you can use *Metric* to display the field value as a number.
```

> The only number function that you can use with `clientip` is the *unique count* function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only number function that you can use with `clientip` is *Unique Count*.
```

> You know that the *unique count* function, also known as cardinality, will get an approximate count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Unique Count*, also known as cardinality, calculates the approximate count
```

> of the unique IP addresses in the data. Putting this together, build a metric chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the unique IP addresses in the data. 
```

> . Click *Bar vertical stacked* to open the chart type dropdown, then select *Metric*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To select the visualization type, click *Bar vertical stacked*, then select *Metric*.
```

+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_1_2_1.png[Chart Type dropdown with Metric selected]

> . From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop *clientip* to the main workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop *clientip* to the visualization builder.
```

> Lens will select the unique count function because it is the only numeric function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Lens* selects the *Unique Count* function because it is the only numeric function
```

> that works for IP addresses. You could also drag *clientip* onto

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that works for IP addresses. You can also drag and *clientip* onto
```

> the empty dimension for the same result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the editor for the same results.
```

Customize the table even more:

. Click *Top values of request.keyword*

.. Increase the *Number of values*. The maximum allowed value is 1000.

.. In the *Display name* field, enter `Page URL`.

. Click *Close*.

. Click *Save and return*.

. Arrange the table panel so that it has its own row, but keep the default width of half the screen.

// The proportion chart types in *Lens* display the percentage of the total,
// grouped by a function that you choose. Combine these two ideas to see the
// most frequent operating systems as a percentage:

// *Lens* chooses a default color palette and adds a visual indicator to the dimension that controls
// the color. To change the color:

// . In the editor, click on *Top values of machine.os.keyword*, which has a color indicator. 

// . From the *Color palette* dropdown, select *Compatibility*.

// . Click *Close*.
// +
// [role="screenshot"]
// image::images/lens_end_to_end_2_1.png[Donut chart with open config panel]

[discrete]
[[custom-ranges]]
=== Compare the percentage of a subset to the whole

To compare a subset to the whole you need to create non-overlapping sets of documents that add up to 100%.

> The *filters* function is capable of doing this for all data types, but for numeric data the *intervals* function is

Reviewer 3: I find the structure of this sentence a bit confusing: it points to `filter` to the change to `intervals`.
What about inverting the order?
> For numeric data the *intervals* function is the best option, while for all other data types *filters* is recommended function.

> is recommended instead. Use a proportion chart to display the values as a percentage.

Reviewer 3: I would expand a bit more on the `proportion` part here, proposing the list of available charts.
```suggestion
is recommended instead. Use a proportion chart to display the values as a percentage: *Lens* offers different types of chart to help with this type of task: pie chart, donut chart, treemap and percentage charts.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_1_4.png[Flyout config open]

> . Click *Save and return*. You will return to the dashboard, where you can customize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Save and return*. 

. On the dashboard, drag the bottom corner of the panel until the panel takes up one quarter of the dashboard so that you can display an additional four metrics.
```

> the newly added panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> .. Drag the bottom corner of the panel until the metric takes up one quarter of the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> width. The row for the metric will have 4 items on it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> .. The metric visualization has its own label, so you do not need to add a panel title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> . Click *Save* on the dashboard menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the toolbar, click *Save*.
```

> . Enter the title "Logs dashboard"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Title* field, enter `Logs dashboard`.
```

> . Check the *Store time with dashboard* box, then click *Save*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Store time with dashboard*, then click *Save*.
```

> . After the dashboard refreshes, click *Edit* again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[discrete]
[[mixed-multiaxis]]
=== View a metric over time

> If your index pattern has a default time field, *Lens* will add that field automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your index pattern has a default time field, *Lens* automatically adds the field
```

Author: Good suggestion, but can we replace `the field` with either `that field` or `the time field` to be more specific?

Reviewer: I would use `the time field`

> when you drag a numeric field onto the workspace panel. This is a helpful shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when you drag and drop a numeric field onto the visualization panel. This is a helpful shortcut.
```

Author: Why change from "workspace panel" to "visualization panel"? Is there a better way to describe the center of the screen with the drop target?

Reviewer: I've been calling this the `visualization builder`. It's not my favorite, but it's what I've been using in the docs.

> If your data has multiple time fields you can drag to replace the previous time field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your data has multiple time fields, you can drag to replace the previous time field.
```

> If your data has multiple time fields you can drag to replace the previous time field.

Reviewer: What does `drag` refer to? What is the user dragging to replace the previous time field?

Author: You can drag a new time field in to replace the old one.

> For this example, you want to visualize the `bytes` field over time, but you may not have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize the `bytes` field over time without a specified function:
```

Author: I see why you're condensing this, but can we rephrase this to something more like "without choosing a function" or "using the default function" or "using the suggested function"? Going off the steps listed above, the point is that we've chosen a field without knowing the function we want.

Reviewer: Let's go with: 

To visualize the `bytes` field over time without choosing a function:

> chosen a specific function yet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> . Drag `bytes` from the field list to the workspace panel to have *Lens* automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the toolbar, click *Edit*, then click *Create visualization*.

. From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop `bytes` onto the visualization builder to have *Lens* automatically
```

> . Drag `bytes` from the field list to the workspace panel to have *Lens* automatically

Reviewer: In the section above, we tell users to start by choosing a visualization type, but here, we tell them to choose their fields. 

All of these sections should align to eliminate confusion.

> create a chart. It will create a bar chart using the *median of bytes* as the metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a bar chart using *Median of bytes* as the metric.
```

> create a chart. It will create a bar chart using the *median of bytes* as the metric.

Reviewer: `metric` or `function`?

Author: `median of bytes` is a dimension, specifically a metric dimension (as opposed to a bucket dimension). The word "metric" refers to any numeric dimension of a chart, and is a word we use in the Lens table and metric chart types. `median` is the function.

Reviewer: I have been referring to `dimension` as `field` because you drag and drop the field onto the editor. Does the field turn into a dimension after Lens parses the field for the visualization? 

Using `metric` is confusing since we have a *Metric* visualization, but I know we use it on the UI as a set of configuration options. Maybe we can change this to:

*Lens* creates a bar chart using the *Median of bytes* as the *Metric configuration*.

> . *Lens* chooses a date interval automatically. To zoom in on the data you want to view,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. *Lens* automatically chooses a date interval. To zoom in on the data you want to view,
```

click and drag your cursor across the bars. 

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_3_1_1.gif[Zoom in on the data]

> Bar charts are a good default chart, but for this metric a line chart is more appropriate.

Reviewer: I'm unsure about what `good default` means? 

What is `metric` referring to? Do you mean `function`? This is confusing because we have a Metric visualization.

Why is a line chart more appropriate? What does the line chart show that a bar chart cannot?

Author: Line charts are the best choice for continuous metrics as it highlights the change from point to point better than a bar chart. I can clarify this.

I think the right word here is metric. We use the word metric in Lens, Visualize, and Elasticsearch to refer to the basic aggregations like Count/Median/Avg, but not to refer to bucket aggregations like Top Values/Date Histogram. Function is a word we use in the Lens UI as well, but metric is a more specific word than function.

> Switch to a line chart one of three ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[float]
==== Change the visualization type
To change the visualization type to *Line chart*, use one of the following:
```

> * Click the line chart that appears under *Suggestions*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From the *Suggestions*, click the line chart.
```

> * Click *Bar vertical stacked* and choose the *Line* chart type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click *Bar vertical stacked*, then select *Line*.
```

> * Click the chart type icon above *Horizontal axis*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the editor, open the visualization menu, then select *Line*.
```

Author: This suggestion makes the instruction less clear, since the important part of the instruction is that there are two separate chart switchers. A first time user needs to be told where the second chart switcher is, and "above the horizontal axis" is more specific than "the visualization menu".

Reviewer: How about:

Open the visualization menu from *Horizontal axis* in the editor, then select *Line*. 

When I talk about this particular menu in the docs, I like to add a screenshot. It is intuitive, but I find it difficult to write about.

> The default interval that *Lens* has chosen is 3 hours. To customize the time interval:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default interval is three hours. To customize the time interval:
```

Author: I was trying to clarify that 3 hours is not _always_ the default interval, it would be confusing to say "the default interval is three hours" instead of something like "the default interval is three hours when the time range is between X days and Y days and the advanced settings A and B are using the default values". How can we help users understand that the interval is dynamic?

Reviewer: How about:

`**Lens** chooses the best interval for your data, which is three hours for the sample web logs data.`

+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_3_1.png[Customize time interval]

You can also decrease the time interval with a more advanced guide on <<custom-time-interval, small time intervals in Lens>>.

This chart will be displayed in a small space in the dashboard, so to save space, hide the vertical and horizontal
axis labels:

. In the toolbar next to *Line* click the *Left axis* icon, then deselect *Show*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_4_3.png[Turn off axis name]

. Click the *Bottom axis* icon, then deselect *Show*.

. Click *Save and return*

. Arrange the panel so that it is in the same row as the *Metric* visualization. The two should
take up half the screen width.

. Add a panel title to explain the visualization, which is necessary because you removed the axis labels.

.. Click the gear icon and choose *Edit panel title*.

.. Enter "Median of bytes" as the panel title, then click *Save*.

. Click *Save* on the entire dashboard.

[discrete]
[[view-the-distribution-of-visitors-by-operating-system]]
=== View the most frequent values

When you drag a text or IP address field into the *Lens* workspace you will see

> the most frequent values of that field using the *top values* function. The values

Reviewer: We could say:

`When you drag and drop a text or IP address field onto the visualization builder, *Lens* displays the most frequent, largest, or highest values of the field using the **Top values** function.`

are ranked based on another metric like *Count of records*. Only exact matches count:
`win 10` and `win xp` are distinct.

For this tutorial, you have decided to see the most frequently viewed URLs on your website
ranked by the `Unique count of clientip` metric, but you have not yet determined which chart type to use.

. Starting with the default bar chart, drag the `clientip` field onto the *Vertical axis*.

> This will produce the `Unique count of clientip` metric. Do not drop the field into the main workspace,

Reviewer: There are a lot of instances of `will` in this tutorial. `Will` implies that this is a future action, but if users are following along, these actions are happening in real time. It is best to change all of these to active voice. For example:

`*Lens* applies the *Unique count* function. Do not drag and drop `clientip` onto the visualization builder because the *Top values* function is applied instead.

> because the *top values* function will be used instead.

Reviewer: When you use bold in the docs, this represents a UI term, so the bolded term should use the same capitalization as the UI. Does this term appear as `*top values*`, `*Top values*`, or `*Top Values*` on the UI?

. Drag and drop `request.keyword` to the main workspace, and *Lens* will add `Top value of request.keyword`
to the *Horizontal axis*.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_2_1_1.png[Vertical bar chart with top values of request.keyword by most unique visitors]

This chart is hard to read because the `request.keyword` field contains long text. You could try
using one of the *Suggestions*, but the suggestions also have issues with long text. Instead, switch

> to a *Table* visualization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the *Table* visualization:
```

> . Click *Bar vertical stacked* to open the chart switcher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click *Bar vertical stacked*, then select *Table*.
```

> . Click *Table*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_2_1_2.png[Table with top values of request.keyword by most unique visitors]

> Customize the table even more:

Reviewer: At this point, users have not customized the table. 

Also, a colon is used to separate two independent clauses when the second explains the first. A period is more appropriate for these introduction-like sentences.

> . Click *Top values of request.keyword*

Reviewer: Where are users clicking *Top values of request.keyword*? In the editor?

> . Click *Top values of request.keyword*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Top values of request.keyword*.
```

> .. Increase the *Number of values*. The maximum allowed value is 1000.

Reviewer: Since this is a tutorial, it is best to give specific instructions. What should users increase **Number of values** to?

> .. In the *Display name* field, enter `Page URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. In the *Display name* field, enter `Page URL`, then click *Close*.
```

> . Click *Close*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

. Click *Save and return*.

> . Arrange the table panel so that it has its own row, but keep the default width of half the screen.

Reviewer: Are users arranging the panel, or moving the panel? 

Why does it matter that the panel width is half the screen?

Also, according to the Elastic style guide, we never use `screen` in the docs. I would replace all references to `screen` with `dashboard`.

> . You do not need a panel title because the table columns are clearly labeled.

Reviewer: This is not a step, but more of a tip or note.

[discrete]
[[custom-ranges]]

> === Compare the percentage of a subset to the whole

Reviewer: The subset of what?

> To compare a subset to the whole you need to create non-overlapping sets of documents that add up to 100%.

Reviewer: The subset and whole of what?

> To compare a subset to the whole you need to create non-overlapping sets of documents that add up to 100%.

Reviewer: If this is the tutorial for our beginner users, I would not use terms like `non-overlapping sets of documents`. They have no idea what this means.

> For numeric data the *intervals* function is the best option, while for all other data types *filters* is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For numeric data, the *intervals* function is best, while for all other data types, *filters* is
```

> For numeric data the *intervals* function is the best option, while for all other data types *filters* is

Reviewer: Why? If this tutorial is for beginner users, do they care or know what the different functions mean/are?

Author: Teaching users when to use certain functions is the most important part of this tutorial, because it is the thing that they can most easily use on their own data.

> recommended. Use a proportion chart to display the values as a percentage of the sum. Lens has 5 types of proportion charts:

Reviewer: The sum of what?

> recommended. Use a proportion chart to display the values as a percentage of the sum. Lens has 5 types of proportion charts:

Reviewer: If this part of the tutorial is teaching users how to create one type of proportional chart, then why do they care about the four types?

Author: Because the tutorial is teaching skills that a first-time analyst needs to know, and one of the ideas that we want to convey is that there are multiple chart types that can answer similar questions.

pie, donut, treemap, percentage bar and percentage area.

To determine if your users transfer more small files versus large files, create two non-overlapping intervals. Start

> with a bar chart and then switch to a pie chart to display as percentage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with a bar chart, and then switch to a pie chart to display as percentage:
```

. From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop `bytes` to *Vertical axis* in the editor.

> . Click *Median of bytes* and then select *Sum* instead. Then *Close*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Median of bytes*, select *Sum*, then click *Close*.
```

> . From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop `bytes` to *Break down by* in the editor, then specify the file size ranges.

Reviewer: What are the file size ranges?

Author: Looks like this was accidentally deleted.

> .. Click `bytes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the editor, click `bytes`.
```

[discrete]
[[histogram]]

> === View the numeric distribution in a histogram

Reviewer: The numeric distribution of what?

Reviewer: I think `View a number field in a histogram` is the clearest title

> Use the *intervals* function in *Lens* to see an evenly spaced numeric distribution.

Reviewer: Users want to know why they should do something before they are shown how to do something. 

For example,

To find the best time to shut down your website for maintenance, create a numeric histogram that shows the total traffic per hour, then use the *Intervals* function to view an evenly spaced numeric distribution.

For logs data, this might be used to find the best time to shut down your website for maintenance.
To create a numeric histogram showing total traffic per hour:

. From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop `bytes` to *Vertical axis* in the editor.

> . Click *Median of bytes* and choose the *Sum* function instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Median of bytes*, then select *Sum*.
```

. In the *Display name* field, enter `Transferred bytes`.

. From the *Value format* dropdown, select `Bytes (1024)`, then click *Close*.

. From the *Available fields* list, drag and drop *hour_of_day* to *Horizontal axis* in the editor.

. Click *hour_of_day*, and then slide the *Intervals granularity* slider until the horizontal axis displays hourly intervals.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_5_2.png[Create custom ranges]

. Click *Save and return*.

> . Shrink the panel size, then drag it to the first row next to the *Median of bytes* panel. There

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Decrease the panel size, then drag and drop it to the first row next to the `Median of bytes` panel. There
```

should be four panels in a row.

. You do not need a panel title because the axis labels are self-explanatory.

[discrete]
[[treemap]]
=== Create a multi-level chart

*Lens* lets you use multiple functions in the data table and proportion charts. For example,

> to create a chart which breaks down the traffic sources and user geography, use the *filters*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to create a chart that breaks down the traffic sources and user geography, use the *filters*
```

> function and *top values* function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and *top values* functions.
```

. After the dashboard refreshes, click *Edit* again.

[discrete]
[[mixed-multiaxis]]
=== View a metric over time

If your index pattern has a default time field, *Lens* will add that field automatically
when you drag a numeric field onto the workspace panel. This is a helpful shortcut.
If your data has multiple time fields you can drag to replace the previous time field.

For this example, you want to visualize the `bytes` field over time, but you may not have
chosen a specific function yet:

. Drag `bytes` from the field list to the workspace panel to have *Lens* automatically
create a chart. It will create a bar chart using the *median of bytes* as the metric.

. *Lens* chooses a date interval automatically. To zoom in on the data you want to view,
click and drag your cursor across the bars. 

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/lens_end_to_end_3_1_1.gif[Zoom in on the data]

Bar charts are a good default chart, but for this metric a line chart is more appropriate.
Switch to a line chart one of three ways:

* Click the line chart that appears under *Suggestions*
* Click *Bar vertical stacked* and choose the *Line* chart type

> * Click the chart type icon above *Horizontal axis*

Reviewer 2: maybe it would be worth to mention the difference between using the layer chart type switcher and the 'global' chart switcher?

.. From the *Value format* dropdown, select *Bytes (1024)*, then click *Close*.

. Click *Bar vertical stacked*, then select *Pie*.
+
[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/lens_end_to_end_6_2.png[Files size distribution]

Reviewer 3: Not super important, but I think it may be nice to have a small hint here about other types of charts.

Something like:
> .. Notice how the suggestion system is also recommending other types of visualization for the same dataset, as the treemap one. Treemaps are a convenient alternative to pie charts.

Author: @dej611 I would like to add more context in other places, but for this use case of showing two slices I think a pie chart is the only chart type I would use. The treemap here is pretty hard to read, in my opinion:

<img width="287" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-21 at 3 24 57 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/666475/115609627-c69eac80-a2b5-11eb-9714-14c32a8a28c7.png">

Reviewer 3: I do not find it too hard to read, but I guess it's subjective.
Anyway no strong opinion. The goal was more to hint the user to experiment with the Lens suggestion system as well rather than the specific case.

.. Click *Add a filter*, enter the following, then press Return:

* *KQL* &mdash; `NOT referer : *twitter.com* OR NOT referer: *facebook.com*`

* *Label* &mdash; `Other`

.. Click *Close*.

> Then add the next break down by geography:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the next break down by geography:
```

. In the toolbar, click *Save*.

. On the *Save dashboard* window, enter `Web server data`, then click *Save*.

> . If this was not the first time you saved the dashboard, click *Switch to view mode*

Reviewer: We already told them not to save the dashboard earlier in this tutorial.
